refactor: migrate `refine@4` on `/blog/react-admin-tutorial` (#4682)
refinedev/refine: documentation/blog/2023-03-03-ra-chakra-tutorial.md

const App: React.FC = () => {
    return (
        <Refine
            routerProvider={routerProvider}
            dataProvider={dataProvider(API_URL)}
            resources={[
                {
                    name: "posts",
                    list: "/posts",
                    create: "/posts/create",
                    edit: "/posts/edit/:id",
                    show: "/posts/show/:id",
                    meta: {
                        canDelete: true,
                    },
                },
            ]}
        >
            <Routes>
                <Route
                    index
                    element={<NavigateToResource resource="posts" />}
                />

                <Route path="/posts">
                    <Route index element={<PostList />} />
                    <Route path="create" element={<PostCreate />} />
                    <Route path="edit/:id" element={<PostEdit />} />
                    <Route path="show/:id" element={<PostShow />} />
                </Route>
            </Routes>
        </Refine>
    );
};

export default App;
```

There are a variety of configurations that can be passed into a refine application. They are:

> -   **DataProvider**: a data provider enables a refine application connect to an external API or service. A dataProvider sends HTTP requests and receives responses via predefined methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **DataProvider**: Data provider enables a refine application to connect to an external API or service. A `dataProvider` sends HTTP requests and receives responses via predefined methods.
```

Here is a sample on how to adding a dataProvider to the refine component.

```tsx title="src/App.tsx"
import { Refine } from "@refinedev/core";
// highlight-start
import { authProvider, axiosInstance } from "./authProvider";
import { DataProvider } from "@refinedev/strapi-v4";
// highlight-end

function App() {
    return (
        <Refine
            // highlight-next-line
            dataProvider={DataProvider(API_URL + `/api`, axiosInstance)}
            //...
        />
    );
}

export default App;
```

> -   **Resources** A [resources](https://refine.dev/docs/tutorial/understanding-resources/index/) is a fundamental component of a refine application. A resource acts as a bridge between the Data/API layer and the Document/Page Layer. A resource enables the application's pages to interact with the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Resources**: A [resources](https://refine.dev/docs/tutorial/understanding-resources/index/) is a fundamental component of a refine application. A resource acts as a bridge between the Data/API layer and the Document/Page Layer. A resource enables the application's pages to interact with the API.
```

> -   To create a resource; define our resources and their action paths, this will inform **refine** to use these paths when generating the breadcrumbs, menus, handling redirections and inferring the current resource and action. The `<Route>` corresponding to the created actions is defined. Should not forget that the path in the resource definition and the `path` in the route definition must be the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   To create a resource; define our resources and their action paths. This will inform **refine** to use these paths when generating the breadcrumbs, menus, handling redirections and inferring the current resource and action. 
In accordance with the path definitions in a resource object, we have to assign a `<Route />` for each path and an element to display at that path.
The `<Route>` corresponding to the created actions is defined. It is important to remember that the path specified in the resource definition should match the `path` specified in the route definition.

[Refer to Router docs for more information](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/routers/react-router-v6/#usage).
```

const App: React.FC = () => {
    return (
        <Refine
            //...
            // highlight-start
            resources={[
                {
                    name: "posts",
                    list: "/posts",
                    create: "/posts/create",
                    edit: "/posts/edit/:id",
                    show: "/posts/show/:id",
                    meta: {
                        canDelete: true,
                    },
                },
            ]}
            // highlight-end
        >
            //...
        </Refine>
    );
};

export default App;
```

> -   Now let's define the `<Route>` corresponding to the actions we have created. We should not forget that the path in the resource definition and the path in the route definition must be the same.

Reviewer: This section is all about explaining-showing the main Refine app concepts. We need to give a brief explanation and link that indicates what Route system is, how it works/how it enables in the refine app.

So, instead of saying, "Let define....", we can briefly explain the route systems like the data provider and resources properties.

> ```tsx title="src/App.tsx"

Reviewer: To make article more readable, we can remove this codeblock and explain the Routes system on the codeblock above.

npm run dev
```

The refine application should be up and running after you run the command. To access it, go to `http://localhost:5173`.

<img src="https://refine.ams3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/blog/2023-03-03-ra-chakra-tutorial/welcome.jpg" className="rounded" alt="react admin tutorial" />

> ## Utilizing the Strapi v4 Provider in refine

Reviewer: I think we no longer need to "Setting AuthProvider" section. Since it's already fixed on v4.

Author: yes removed this

function App() {
    return (
        <Refine
        //...
        >
            <Routes>
                {/* highlight-start */}
                <Route
                    element={
                        <Authenticated
                            fallback={<CatchAllNavigate to="/login" />}
                        >
                            <ThemedLayoutV2>
                                <Outlet />
                            </ThemedLayoutV2>
                        </Authenticated>
                    }
                >
                    {/* We will define `resource` routes here. */}
                </Route>
                <Route
                    element={
                        <Authenticated fallback={<Outlet />}>
                            <NavigateToResource resource="posts" />
                        </Authenticated>
                    }
                >
                    <Route path="/login" element={<AuthPage type="login" />} />
                </Route>
                {/* highlight-end */}
                //...
            </Routes>
            //...
        </Refine>
    );
}

export default App;
```

:::tip

> The [`<NavigateToResource>`](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/routers/remix/#navigatetoresource) is a basic component to navigate to a resource page. It is useful when you want to navigate to a resource page from the index route of your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`<NavigateToResource>`](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/routers/react-router-v6/#navigatetoresource) is a basic component to navigate to a resource page. It is useful when you want to navigate to a resource page from the index route of your app.
```

};
```

### Using `<Authentication>` Component

> To manage authenticated routes the [`<Authenticated>`](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/routers/react-router-v6/#basic-usage) component is employed, utilizing the [`useIsAuthenticated`](https://refine.dev/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/authentication/useIsAuthenticated/) hook to determine the user's authentication status. It handles redirection and rendering specific elements based on this status through children and `fallback` props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`<Authenticated>`](https://refine.dev/docs/packages/documentation/routers/react-router-v6/#basic-usage) component is used to manage authenticated routes. This component leverages the [`useIsAuthenticated`](https://refine.dev/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/authentication/useIsAuthenticated/) hook to determine the authentication status of the user. It handles redirection and rendering specific elements based on this status through children and `fallback` props.
```

To achieve protected routes, the `<Outlet>` component from `react-router-dom` is utilized, ensuring routes are only accessible when the user is authenticated.

> To handle scenarios where the user is not authenticated, a `/login` route is created, employing the [`<AuthPage>`](https://refine.dev/docs/api-reference/chakra-ui/components/chakra-auth-page/) component from **refine** UI packages with the `type="login"` prop to render the login page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle scenarios where a user is not authenticated, we've established a `/login` route. This utilizes the [`<AuthPage>`](https://refine.dev/docs/api-reference/chakra-ui/components/chakra-auth-page/) component found in refine UI packages, with the 'type' prop set to "login". This configuration effectively renders the login page.
```

After this, we can now add the component `<PostList/>` in the `list.tsx` file to our resource present in the `App.tsx` file

```tsx title="src/App.tsx"
// highlight-next-line
import { PostList } from "./pages/posts/list";

function App() {
    return (
        <Refine
            //...
            // highlight-start
            resources={[
                {
                    name: "posts",
                    list: "/posts",
                },
            ]}
            // highlight-end
        >
            <Routes>
                //...
                {/* highlight-start */}
                <Route
                    index
                    element={<NavigateToResource resource="posts" />}
                />
                <Route path="/posts">
                    <Route index element={<PostList />} />
                </Route>
                {/* highlight-end */}
                //...
            </Routes>
        </Refine>

>     );

Reviewer: So at this point, we need to  explain the Route usage here
